well howdy there Internet people its
bubble gun so today we're going to talk
about morals and ethics and doing things
voluntarily so they won't become
mandatory you know there are a lot of
situations where you get asked to do
something voluntarily but the reality is
if you don't do it voluntarily it's
gonna become mandatory we're at a point
right now where everybody needs to start
thinking about society as a whole and
I'm not just talking about the current
mess we can learn a lot from this
current mess and apply it to things that
are coming down the road I got a lot of
pushback on a statement that I said in a
recent video I said every seeing becomes
a socialist during an emergency that's
not true I want you to think that every
movie you have ever watched that uh that
has that theme whether it's people on a
lifeboat rationing out that water or a
zombie apocalypse and people pulling
their resources to make sure everybody
had what they needed that is what
happens in survival situations for those
people who make it it doesn't happen in
every scenario and typically those
people don't make it and I know somebody
said before yeah well those are movies
and those are isolated incidents it's
not like we ever did that on a national
level you're right we have absolutely
never rationed rubber sugar tires canned
dog food toothpaste bicycles gasoline
typewriters dried fruit meat butter silk
nylon and medicine that never happened
it especially didn't happen during the
1940s the period in which everybody
looks back and says hey they're the
greatest generation it didn't happen
that there weren't little books little
rationing books that didn't occur
we had to mobilize because there was a
large looming threat right now people
are being asked to stay at home 100
million people are having to stay home
now the real question is why aren't the
other 200 million doing it we know that
it needs to be done I'm not much for you
know blind patriotism I am not much for
anything like that that's not what this
is this is a responsibility to humanity
that we all share this doesn't stop at
borders this isn't a national thing this
is a global emergency and you're going
to have to act or not or not but what
you do determines whether or not
voluntary things become mandatory we're
going to have to make changes when the
dust settles watts and I'm not just
talking not to infrastructure to health
care or all of the things that are the
hot topics right now we're gonna have to
make large changes we're gonna have to
change our philosophical outlook on how
we view the world because this has
taught us borders mean nothing those
lines on a map are worthless
they don't actually stop large global
threats in any way shape or form there
are other large global threats on the
horizon and just like this people are
ignoring people aren't doing what they
can voluntarily and if they don't a lot
of those suggestions will become
mandatory either out of necessity for
survival or through government force
we have other threats on the horizon we
can use this as a training exercise on
how to deal with them I fire training
going on right now the cooperation and
mobilization that is taking place right
now is what will be needed to combat
climate change we can do it voluntarily
or we can wait until it gets so bad it's
gonna be done with force it all depends
on our philosophical outlook anyway it's
just a thought you have a good day